christmas_ornaments/christmas_balls/README.md, before:

# Project
- [Pinterest](https://pin.it/15hMJRJ) inspiration board

# Christmas Ball Designs

## Template
A starting point with preset LaserSaur cut values for creating christmas balls.

### Tips
- Design a patter such that the cut out itself can be an ornament too if possible.
- Remember to cut out the figure first, then the surrounding christmass ball.
- Do not cut too small, as the laser appears to have some "width" while cutting.
- Rotate the view such that the top of the christmass ball is at the top of the view.
- Design each christmas ball in a separate file. This prevents an error -- e.g. in cut settings -- from ruining multiple balls.

### FAQ
- How to set the lasersaur settings from within a SVG file
	- Use [LaserTags](https://github.com/nortd/lasersaur/wiki/lasertags). E.g. `=pass1:800mm/min:40%:#0000ff=`

## Voronoi
Christmas ball with a voronoi pattern.

### FAQ
- How to make a voronoi pattern in Inkscape?
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=HRtARlVcSuQ&t=7s#menu)
	- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkscape/comments/g8ory7/rounded_voronoi_cells/)

## Snowflakes
Christmas ball with a snowflake like patter cut out.

The snowflake cut out can be used as an ornament itself too.

See make at [Thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5142645).

### FAQ
- How to desing a simple snowflake in Inkscape?
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLHDSGEf7Lk)
  		Use figures (circle, square, etc) to create snowflakes
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC3g2DvAKxk)
  		Draw a single arm using lines (bezier, circle) and rotate 6 times
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7_mmmNn3Eg)
  		More elaborate figures. Created using (circles, squares, beziers, etc)

## Stars
Christmas balls with star patterns.

## Words
Christmas balls filled with words.

### FAQ
**How to fit words into a shape using inkscape?**
Use path effect: envelope deformation.  
See [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3BHcregNUs)

Commit message:

Add tools section to readme

christmas_ornaments/christmas_balls/README.md, after:

# Project
- [Pinterest](https://pin.it/15hMJRJ) inspiration board

# Tools
- [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) for designing the SVG files.
- [LaserSaur](https://www.lasersaur.com/)for laser cutting.

# Christmas Ball Designs

## Template
A starting point with preset LaserSaur cut values for creating christmas balls.

### Tips
- Design a patter such that the cut out itself can be an ornament too if possible.
- Remember to cut out the figure first, then the surrounding christmass ball.
- Do not cut too small, as the laser appears to have some "width" while cutting.
- Rotate the view such that the top of the christmass ball is at the top of the view.
- Design each christmas ball in a separate file. This prevents an error -- e.g. in cut settings -- from ruining multiple balls.

### FAQ
- How to set the lasersaur settings from within a SVG file
	- Use [LaserTags](https://github.com/nortd/lasersaur/wiki/lasertags). E.g. `=pass1:800mm/min:40%:#0000ff=`

## Voronoi
Christmas ball with a voronoi pattern.

### FAQ
- How to make a voronoi pattern in Inkscape?
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=HRtARlVcSuQ&t=7s#menu)
	- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkscape/comments/g8ory7/rounded_voronoi_cells/)

## Snowflakes
Christmas ball with a snowflake like patter cut out.

The snowflake cut out can be used as an ornament itself too.

See make at [Thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5142645).

### FAQ
- How to desing a simple snowflake in Inkscape?
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WLHDSGEf7Lk)
  		Use figures (circle, square, etc) to create snowflakes
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YC3g2DvAKxk)
  		Draw a single arm using lines (bezier, circle) and rotate 6 times
	- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7_mmmNn3Eg)
  		More elaborate figures. Created using (circles, squares, beziers, etc)

## Stars
Christmas balls with star patterns.

## Words
Christmas balls filled with words.

### FAQ
**How to fit words into a shape using inkscape?**  
Use path effect: envelope deformation.  
See [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3BHcregNUs)
